Combat:
Add menu
[Attack]
[Skills]
[Bag]
[Run]
This is game is gonna have a focus on combat so, building my mechanics around a combat menu seems like a good idea.
So first things first [Bag] or items really, the most important part of this game is gonna be skills and items, with items being
number one on the totem pole. 
So first i have to make a equip/unequip system, an inventory, equip slots, the items themselves, which i will have be randomly generated
like damage and name and all that, within the level range of course.
To do items, i first have to do enemies, because who's supposed to drop the items!? the sky? no, the enemies. and to do enemies

i need areas or levels or floors, or whatever the fuck you wanna call them, basically what decides the enemy level, drops, etc 

to expand on the area = drops bits, i could have a generator for each area, so i could probably do something like if area == this
pick from these lists and this min and max damage and generate an item.

now if i went for a dungeon type deal with floors and all that, i could do the above but for each floor, with each floor being harder
and therefore better items.

to go even farther with the dungeon idea, i could have 4-6 dungeons, with intermediate areas inbetween, all with monsters of course
so there is plenty of content, i mean now that i think about it, it seems pretty feasable

now i would say have different drops for each monster, but, im not entirely sure i want to do that, its sounds like a better idea though.
nothing is set in stone. but i do like the idea of each monster having their own drops.

I still don't have a great idea on how monsters are gonna work, so all this is just gonna stay vomit. for now.

before dungeons, there needs to be a hub, a village. with shops, npcs and GOLD, then items, for shops, then dungeons,
yeah, so with the hub i can set up item logic, then for the dungeons i can have like 4 and you have to beat 1 dungeon, to advance to the next one.
until you defeat all the dungeons and win the game.
monsters would give gold and or selling stuff

So short term plan of action:
1.Hub/Village
2.Gold
3.Shops
4.Item logic

sounds good.

Hidden/dev/whatever variables, stuff like Equipment damage, which is basically the sum of all your weapon damage, just so i can simplify the damage
calculation.

Hidden stats: Defence? maybe constitution should stay as defence? i don't know.



1.now i could make it kinda of an incremental thing, where you first fight a weak monster, then slowly level up and fight stronger monsters

now that i read 1. again i see that it makes zero sense, but this is brain vomit so.

but thats kinda boring, no SUBSTANCE, when you fight a monster you wanna imagine where you are, a dungeon! oo or maybe an underground monument.
basically area's will do all the work for me, well not really but ya get the point.

KEYBOARD INPUT MENU
IMPORT KEYBOARD
GET KEYBOARD INPUT can do both text input and keyboard input 

Menu for the character stuff

Classes for the player at level 5. almost forgot about classes.

